hey friends Rob here response review
giving you my prediction for the winner
of America's Got Talent 2013 will be
that martial arts dude kenichi guy is
absolutely incredible certainly the most
versatile act obviously looking for an
act that you could build a Vegas show
around that is it my friends that's my
prediction if I'm wrong I'll publicly
shave my head by YouTube but now ran
that by my wife and kids they said a
google terrible Bowl but friends God has
given that young man a special gift he's
got a talent and a plan and a will for
him the same way God has a talent for
everybody under the sound of my voice in
a plan for everybody on the sound of my
voice now before I continue I am a
minister of the gospel you desire to
subscribe to my ministry channel by
youtube go threaten no really the plan
God has for everybody as he desires to
be in the center of our life or the
center of a heart and the only way God
can have that plan fulfilled as he has
to have an invitation you see god I'll
never crash knock or blow the door down
to your heart God didn't Korea robots
God gave us a free will so we can accept
Christ out of obedience or reject him at
a disobedient in other words we all
control the doorknob Dawa heart God gave
us a free will but one thing I promise
you this once you open the door of your
heart just to crack the Lord will come
in with this great grace mercy
compassion kindness most of all is
irrevocable unconditional love and you
know the Bible is very clear about the
love of God in the New Testament in the
book of John chapter 3 verse 16 simply
States for God so loved the world that's
me that you that he gave a gift he gave
His only Son Jesus Christ that if you
would believe receives submit your life
to Jesus Christ you would not perish you
to have everlasting life and you know
God desires known to perish under the
sound of my voice the Lord wants us all
to have the assurance and the insurance
that when we all take our last breath we
can and we will make heaven at home but
the only way we can have that insurance
is by again having our lives surrendered
submitted to the lordship
Jesus and desire to recite a simple
Pratt to me it's not reciting the prayer
it's that faith behind it say Jesus
thank you for dying on the cross of my
sins thank you for being my Lord and
Savior god bless you if you prayed that
prayer get my prediction America's Got
Talent 2013 more chalat style dance guy
guys incredible man i believe he will
when he deserves to win friends the lord
loves you never forget God not only has
a plan for that young man or is given a
talents that young kenichi fellow but
everybody got as a plan for God loves
you God cares for you under the search
Rob would one and many of the ministry
videos where I do expand my talk about
the Bible Christianity heaven hell
demons whatever friends the Lord loves
you be blessed today